# Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) - r/srilanka Top100 Posts and Comments

This directory contains following files and directories:

1. `posts.csv`: csv file for 100 posts extracted and their metadata. The fields are as follows:

	* POST_ID: Id of the post
	* POST_TITLE: Title of the post
	* POST_PERMALINK: Permanent link of the post
    * POST_URL: Link where post links to. Permalink for post of text type
	* POST_SCORE: Number of upvotes
    * POST_NUM_COMMENTS: Number of comments
    * POST_CREATED_TIMESTAMP: Post created time stamp
    * POST_SUBREDDIT: Subreddit where post was posted
    * POST_UPVOTE_RATIO: Post upvote ratio
    * AUTHOR_USERNAME: Author username. Blank (Nan if imported via pandas) means author may have been deleted or suspended. Hence not available
    * AUTHOR_KARMA: Total Karma for the author. Blank (Nan if imported via pandas) means author may have been deleted or suspended. Hence not available
    * AUTHOR_ACCOUNT_AGE: Author account age in days. Blank (Nan if imported via pandas) means author may have been deleted or suspended. Hence not available
    * POST_TYPE: Type of post. Could be text/image/video/link/poll/unknown. Unknown means unable to determine, check content. For this assignment there was no post having type as unknown
    * POST_TEXT_CONTENT: Text content of post in markdown format. Blank (Nan if imported via pandas) means no text content

2. `comments`: This directory contains csv files containing comment infomation. Each csv files corresponds to one post in `posts.csv`. The name of the file is the post id. The fields are as follows:

	* COMMENT_ID: ID of the comment
	* COMMENT_PARENT_ID: The ID of the parent comment (prefixed with t1_). If it is a top-level comment, this returns the submission ID instead (prefixed with t3_)
    * COMMENT_SCORE: Number of upvotes
    * COMMENT_DEPTH: Depth of comment
    * COMMENT_CREATED_TIMESTAMP: Comment created timestamp
    * AUTHOR_USERNAME: Author username. Blank (Nan if imported via pandas) means author may have been deleted or suspended. Hence not available
    * COMMENT_TEXT_CONTENT: Text content of post in markdown format. Blank (Nan if imported via pandas) means no text content
    -------------------------
    * MODEL_LABEL_CARDIFFNLP - Label generated by model - `cardiffnlp/twitter-roberta-base-sentiment-latest`
    * MODEL_LABEL_FINITEAUTOMATA - Lable generated by model - `finiteautomata/bertweet-base-sentiment-analysis`
    * MODEL_LABEL_SEETHAL - Label generated by the model - `Seethal/sentiment_analysis_generic_dataset`
    * MODEL_MAJORITY - Label having the majority among _{CARDIFFNLP, FINITEAUTOMATA, SEETHAL}_ models

3. `EDA`: This directory contains a files and directory required for exploratory data analysis. 

4. `human_evaluation`: This directory contains files analysis of human annotation and model output on sampled 100 comments.

5. `sentiment_analysis`: This diretory contains all the codes to generate sentiments from model.

6. `word_cloud`: This diretory contains word cloud generated from comments corpus.

7. `kripp.py`: This script is to calculate Krippendorf alpha to determine inter-annotator's  agremment.

8. `scrape.py`: This script allows one to download top 100 posts from r/srilanka subreddit and corresponding comments.